c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\BE.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\BL.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\DA.dll
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\BE.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\BL.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\bin\Debug\DA.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Clientes.baml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Clientes.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.g.resources
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Bancos.baml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Bancos.g.cs
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Cuentas.baml
c:\users\luisantoni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FDIRepasoAdoNet\UI\obj\Debug\Cuentas.g.cs
